fix(html): update positioning and scaling section (#34529)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/iframe/index.md

## Positioning and scaling

> As a [replaced element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element), the position of the embedded document within the `<iframe>` element's box can be adjusted with the {{cssxref("object-position")}} property.

Reviewer: This suggestion is for the already existing phrasing:
- Since `<iframe>` is the replaced element, I was expecting to read "As a replaced element, iframe can..."
- Slight nit about "with" vs "using" => more direct and clear
```suggestion
Being a [replaced element](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/Replaced_element), the `<iframe>` allows the position of the embedded document within its box to be adjusted using the {{cssxref("object-position")}} property.
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The {{cssxref("object-fit")}} doesn't work on `<iframe>` element.

Reviewer: While this is correct, we can be more precise about what "doesn't work" mean because using the property will not be flagged as an error. WDYT about saying:
```suggestion
> The {{cssxref("object-fit")}} has no effect on `<iframe>` elements.
```

> > The {{cssxref("object-fit")}} has no effect on `<iframe>` elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The {{cssxref("object-fit")}} property has no effect on `<iframe>` elements.
```
